The only way to do great work is to love what you do. – Steve Jobs
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. – Steve Jobs
Stay hungry, stay foolish. – Steve Jobs
Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it's bad. – Cory House
First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. – John Johnson
Simplicity is the soul of efficiency. – Austin Freeman
Talk is cheap. Show me the code. – Linus Torvalds
Make it work, make it right, make it fast. – Kent Beck
Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand. – Martin Fowler
The best error message is the one that never shows up. – Thomas Fuchs
Programming isn't about what you know; it's about what you can figure out. – Chris Pine
The most disastrous thing that you can ever learn is your first programming language. – Alan Kay
Perfection is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. – Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
It's not a bug; it's an undocumented feature. – Anonymous
Software is a great combination of artistry and engineering. – Bill Gates
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. – Chinese Proverb
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. – Sam Levenson
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. – Winston Churchill
Believe you can and you're halfway there. – Theodore Roosevelt
Your limitation—it's only your imagination.
Dream it. Wish it. Do it.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
It always seems impossible until it's done. – Nelson Mandela
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.
Little things make big days.
It's going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. – Eleanor Roosevelt
Every expert was once a beginner.
There is no substitute for hard work. – Thomas Edison
Work hard in silence, let your success be the noise. – Frank Ocean
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. – Zig Ziglar
Quality is not an act, it is a habit. – Aristotle
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. – Mark Twain
Focus on being productive instead of busy. – Tim Ferriss
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. – Albert Einstein
What we think, we become. – Buddha
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. – Lao Tzu
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. – William James
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. – Henry David Thoreau
Opportunities don't happen. You create them. – Chris Grosser
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. – John D. Rockefeller
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. – Thomas Jefferson
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission. – Anonymous
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out. – John Wooden
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong. – Joseph Chilton Pearce
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows. – Ralph Marston
Yesterday you said tomorrow. Just do it. – Nike
Creativity is intelligence having fun. – Albert Einstein
